Data grid: Take scrollbar into account (#4468)
elastic/eui: CHANGELOG.md

- Fixed invalid color entry passed to `EuiBadge` color prop ([#4481](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/4481))
- Fixed `EuiCodeBlock` focus-state if content overflows ([#4463]https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/4463)

> - Fixed unnecessary horizontal scroll bar in data grid ([#4468](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/4468))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed unnecessary horizontal scroll bars and height calculations coming from full screen in `EuiDataGrid` ([#4468](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/4468))
```
